[r] Update documentation on g++ requirement for R package (#2031)
single-cell-data/TileDB-SOMA: apis/r/README.md

                                         'https://cloud.r-project.org'))
```

> Installing from source on Unix-like platforms requires `cmake`, `git`, and a recent version of a C++ compiler (it was tested on `g++` version 10.5.0).

Reviewer: Very nice.   Maybe reword to 

```suggestion
Installing from source on Unix-like platforms requires `cmake`, `git`, and a recent-enough C++ compiler (`g++` version 10.* or above).
```

We may want to add the `clang++` version too but I am unsure which it is. Maybe `clang++-16` ?
